Document the minimum kernel version needed by the `oom_kill` check (#9635)
DataDog/integrations-core: oom_kill/README.md

yum install -y kernel-devel-$(uname -r)
```

**Note**: A kernel version 4.9 or more recent is required for the OOM Kill check to work.

> In particular, CentOS/RHEL versions < 8 are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, CentOS/RHEL versions < 8 are not supported.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, CentOS/RHEL versions earlier than 8 are not supported.
```
